[RYOTA]
Before I was reincarnated,
I was a miserable salary man
at a toxic company.
Now I'm in a crazy world
where everything is an item drop
from monsters.
In this new life,
I'm stuck at level 1.
But lucky for me,
my unique skill has maxed out
all my drop stats to rank S.
Today, I'll be facing off
against a rare monster!
I had no idea drops
from monsters
could be used like that!
♪
[screeches]
[EMILY] You see it, don't you?
It's a rare monster!
[RYOTA]
What?
Hey, come back!
[gun shots]
What is this?
No idea! I've never seen a rare
monster drop something before!
Wait a sec.
[sighs]
It's a necklace.
And I think maybe
you should try it on.
[exclaims]
But what does it do?
[RYOTA] C'mon, Emily.
I want you to have it.
You mean it's like a present?
That means so much to me!
Me too!
You deserve to collect
all the goods for both of us!
Wait, are you talking
about item drops?
Yeah, I'm surprised
you didn't hear it.
Must be all the seeds and stuff.
I heard a voice
when I picked that thing up.
Turns out that item drops
are doubled
when you're wearing it!
You're a little late, Yota.
[RYOTA]
What do you mean?
I really could've used
that information
before I put it on!
Uh, somehow
that's not making sense to me.
[screeches]
[screams]
Wow! Look how many there are!
They're double drops?
'Cause they are everything!
[hums]
Do you need help with anything?
No, I got this.
I'll be finished in no time.
[RYOTA] Man, cooking in such
a small space must suck.
So, I was thinking, maybe
we should go somewhere new.
[sighs]
Like a vacation
or like you wanna move?
Move.
With what we're making now,
it feels like a good time
to start looking
for a bigger place.
Oh. If that's what you want.
What kind of place
would you prefer to live?
No. That should be something
you choose on your own.
[sighs]
Wait, are you saying
that I can go with you?
Yeah, obviously.
But we should definitely
save a little more money
before we start looking.
[EMILY] I have no problem
working for it.
As long as we don't
exhaust ourselves.
I know what you mean.
I'll sell some more
bamboo shoots tomorrow.
That's it. Okay?
[chuckles]
Is that?
[ERZA] Sorry, these are
a little hard to appraise.
[ERIC] Pardon me!
Are those bamboo shoots I see?
If so, I'd love to take them off
your hands.
I mean, I can't just give them
to you, but you can have one.
Oh, thank you.
One of these, please!
[slashes]
[sighs] Sweet!
[inaudible]
[bites]
[humming]
Oh, no!
Do they really taste that awful?
I can't believe it's not bitter
even though it's raw!
Or I might even call it sweet!
Never have I ever had
a bamboo shoot like this!
I mean. It's like, whoa!
It's like a rare flavor monster!
Who the heck is she?
These bamboo
shoots are just divine.
How 'bout I buy all of them?
Uh, I don't know.
We were about to...
Oh, I don't mind!
If she wants to buy all of them
from me, she totally can!
Okay. Then sounds like
they're yours now.
Well, if you're sure!
I wouldn't know
how to put a price
on the greatest flavor
I've ever tasted.
Please accept this token
of my thanks!
[RYOTA]
The way she's talking.
I hope she just handed me
a small fortune.
[ERIC] Thank you so much!
Best of luck, bamboo shoot boy!
20,000,
that's a good deal. Right?
I mean, it's a lot to pay
for some bamboo shoots,
isn't it?
So, only a total jerk
would feel slighted.
Do you have any idea
who that was?
No. Someone important?
"Important" doesn't begin
to cover it!
That was Eric Macy,
the epicurean!
Any food she says
she likes instantly results
in the highest demand
among the gourmet foodie crowd!
That's cool.
Listen up.
Let's skip the formalities.
Would you like to sign
an exclusive deal with us?
Exclusive?
Your bamboo shoots
are about to become
the hottest produce
in all of Secro.
As soon as that happens,
I want to have the rights
to sell them
as a branded product.
Their official name
will be Ryota's Bamboo Shoots!
A branded product?
Obviously that would be great
for me,
but are they really worth it--
Absolutely! I'll pay you
a signing bonus, okay?
That's on top of the cost
of the shoots!
I'll do it.
Huh?
I trust that you know
what you're doing.
Happy to partner with you, Erza.
[chuckles]
Likewise!
[RYOTA]
Okay, I still gotta focus
on raising my strength
stats today.
I'll be a S rank
if I keep working...
Who's that?
[sighs]
Look out!
Go, now!
[ALL]
Right!
[growls]
[yells]
What was that all about?
Excuse me, sir.
You're in our way.
Our Princess Margaret
has important work
she needs to do.
Princess?
[both chuckle]
You have a princess too, huh?
This world just keeps getting
better and better!
She's working
with an air box right now.
What's an air box?
Well, I'm sure you've seen that
when you kill the monsters,
they sometimes
don't drop anything, right?
Yeah.
I mean, I've heard
that most people
have that experience here,
anyway.
Apparently,
it's pretty useless, Yota.
They say nothing drops at all.
Turns out, according
to our research,
when the monsters are defeated,
they are actually dropping air.
No way?
[BUTLER]
Oh, yes!
So we decided to put the dropped
air in a box and sell it.
Keep in mind that this air
has been hand-picked
and rescued
by Princess Margaret!
I'm impressed that you had
the idea to sell people air.
Yeah! It's our best-selling item
to date!
[RYOTA] For real? I guess
it's the princess effect.
Is that a magic cart I see?
Yeah. That's how we carry
a bunch of air boxes at once.
Can't have the princess running
in and out of the dungeon
too many times, can we?
I feel you. That's so smart.
I can't imagine how much
more efficient this way must be.
[RYOTA] Man, I've wanted
a magic cart for ages,
but those things are not cheap.
I'm going to need to talk
this over with Emily.
[RYOTA]
So yeah, I'm conflicted.
Do I buy a new house first,
or a magic cart
while they're accessible?
I think a magic cart
makes sense.
We could use it to enhance
our business
and make money even faster
to save up
for the kind of place we want.
That's a good point,
but it means that
we'd have to put off moving
and I feel bad
for keeping you here longer.
Oh I'm perfectly fine here!
I mean, it!
I've been enjoying my life
with you.
I find this little house
so cozy!
Are you sure?
Well, all right!
[RYOTA] Then I guess it's you
and me in this tiny house
for a little while longer.
-I like it!
-Me too.
We should go to the magic
cart shop tomorrow, then!
Oh, I really hope the owner's
sweet little girl,
Olga, will be there again, too!
-[crying]
-Do you hear that?
It sounds like Olga crying!
[pants]
[crying]
What's the matter?
Daddy. My Daddy.
Did something happen
to your daddy?
Do you, do you know
when Daddy will be home?
No, we don't.
When did he leave here?
Did he happen to tell you
where he was going?
Nah-uh.
All he said was that he was
gonna pick some flowers.
Flowers?
He was looking for flower drops.
The only place near here
that has them
is a dungeon called Arsenic.
So there's a good chance
that he's still there, right?
Hmm.
You ready? Let's go to Arsenic!
Okay!
[EMILY] I wonder
how many of them there are.
Never mind!
I shouldn't have asked!
[OLGA]
My daddy's feet smell bad!
Ew! Gross!
[RYOTA]
So, this is Arsenic.
They won't hurt you.
Those monsters
are called danderocks
and they won't ever move
or attack you at all.
I see. Then we can easily...
Never mind. I was wrong.
Guess we have to kill them.
I'm sorry.
[gun shots]
It bounced right off!
[EMILY]
I have an idea! Stand back!
[attacks]
Brilliant!
So, combining
your increased power
and the strength of that hammer
is the perfect solution
for this!
Way to go, Emily!
[chuckles]
Not bad, huh?
[pants]
There he is!
I can see Olga's father!
Are you okay?
Oh, no.
[snores]
He's asleep! Hey, wake up!
He's out like a light.
Um, Emily?
Olga's been worried sick
about him
and he's in here napping away.
That jerk better wake up
right now!
What's going on?
Oh, it's just you two.
Argh. You really know
how to screw up a good nap.
Tell me, where exactly
did you leave your little girl
when you decided
to run off to dreamland?
I'm so sorry. I meant no harm.
Why are you here?
Olga was worried about you.
Was this really that important?
I came here to gather
some parts.
Primarily light and heavy rocks
that are difficult to transport.
It's for my new magic cart
prototype.
I caught the heavy rock already.
As for the light rock,
well that's when the danderocks
blocked my path
and I wasn't able to get
around them, so I failed.
What prototype?
The one you mentioned before?
Look there. That's the one.
[sighs]
[RYOTA]
Wait, is that rock flying?
[ORTON]
That's how the light rocks are.
They're lighter than air
and they're also rare monsters,
so it's not like
I can just grab one.
Yeah, I get it.
Must be tough to do by yourself.
But I bet two people
could handle it.
Don't get me wrong, Emily.
You're light,
but that hammer is not.
Um. I'm sorry.
Are you gonna be okay?
Oh, yeah. I'm golden.
I boosted my strength up
to rank S
back when we were in Nihonium.
I'll try to get
this done quickly!
[hits]
Ah!
This is exactly what I needed!
I agree, it's pretty.
But why did you need it?
Let's step outside
and I'll show you.
There, now we just wait for a
little bit and see what happens.
[EMILY]
If it turns into a stray,
then it'll float up again.
Isn't that right?
There was a ceiling
in the dungeon, but not here.
Yes, and that's the thing.
We'll just have to run
as fast as we can
and grab it before
it's out of sight.
So basically,
it's all up to chance.
I wonder if there's anything
I can do.
[ORTON]
Should be any minute now.
That's it!
It's time to grab my drop!
[groans]
No! We're not done yet!
[gun shots]
What did you do?
This little guy might be lighter
than air,
but that coat of ice
will bring it right back down.
That was amazing, Yoda!
[laughs]
[ORTON] The great artisan
Orton's latest magic cart
is finally complete!
Please take it with you.
Are you kidding?
We can't accept
such an expensive gift!
Don't be silly.
It's not a gift, it's a reward
for everything you did
to help me today.
We didn't do that much.
You protected our town
the other day
or have you forgotten?
You're the new hero of Secro!
I believe that deed deserves
some kind of reward, don't you?
[chuckles]
Promise me you'll take good care
of my daddy's magic cart, okay?
That's not fair.
Come on! It's a reward for all
the hard work you've done.
A reward. I see. I'll use it
with all my gratitude!
[gun shots]
Perfect.
Oops, looks like it's overfull.
Even if we take a few out,
we'll still have at least twice
as many in here than usual!
Yeah. This magic cart
is really no joke!
It's amazing!
We should thank Orton and Olga.
Duh! Thanks to them
we've got plenty to sell!
I'm gonna drop these off
at Erza's place.
Sounds good.
Tell her I said hello!
I'll head home and start dinner!
[hums]
[MALE PUNK 1]
Count it again!
I'm sorry, sir.
I've tried everything I could.
There's just not enough
in here to make sense.
[MALE PUNK 1]
Oh, come on!
I know this is worth more than
10,000 pilos!
You're just making up prices
as you go
'cause you don't wanna let go
of the cash!
Fair is fair! Cough it up!
I deserve 20,000 for putting up
with such bad service!
The list price
is just 8,400 pilos
for what you've
brought in today.
I do apologize, sir,
but I can't offer you
any more than that.
[shouts]
You're calling
your loyal customer a liar?
[shouts]
Where'd this come from?
[RYOTA]
I think she's had enough.
Oh, Ryota!
Wasn't talking to you!
You're accusing Erza of lying
about the prices and she isn't.
I can prove it to you.
[MALE CUSTOMER 1]
Check that out!
He's got Orton's
latest magic cart!
How did he get
all those bamboo shoots?
I'm about to make you pay
for that little stunt!
How much would it cost me
if I wanted one of these
green onions here?
It's a 120 pilos.
That sound good!
This is a magic cart.
I was told it was made
with rare monsters
from Arsenic or something.
One of its tricks is detecting
the weight of all its contents
and calculating the amount
at which they'll be sold.
[clicks]
8,400 pilos.
That's exactly the amount
that she was quoting you
when I walked in the door.
That thing's rigged!
You like going around
scamming people?
I just came in here
to trade like you,
but I'm flattered
you think I could pull off
something like that.
Shut your mouth!
You bamboo shoot grower!
[shatters]
I'll break you
and your stupid cart!
Ryota! Watch out!
Stop that!
You look tired. I'm gonna
need you to take a little nap.
[groans]
[ERZA] You didn't have
to bail me out again.
You shouldn't have
to put up with that crap.
But I always will.
No matter what.
Comes with being an item trader.
[ERZA]
Everything that I sell here
was gathered by adventurers
who risked their lives and limbs
to get their hands on them.
So when they come in,
they feel entitled
to the highest quality
of service.
I'm happy to give it to them.
And I want people to feel
comfortable selling to me.
But, if I'm being saved
every time there's an issue,
it makes things more tense.
And I mean that for me, too.
Oh, come on.
Don't feel like that.
What's wrong with somebody
wanting to help you out?
We all need help sometimes.
I mean, just think about
how many times you've helped me.
Actually. I wouldn't say that.
Honestly,
I can't think of anything
that I've done for you.
No matter what I bring in,
you buy it from me
with a friendly smile
and that always lifts
my spirits!
That's different.
I know you want customers
to feel comfortable,
but they should know
that if they disrespect you,
I'll show up. Your comfort
matters too, doesn't it?
Right.
Of course, there's really
nothing I could do that
would come close
to the amount of happiness
I get just seeing you
every time I come in.
♪
[screams] Whoa-kay!
That happened!
Just in case there's any doubt,
that wasn't part
of an item trade.
That was a kiss from me,
simply because it felt right.
All I ask is
that you remember it
after you leave here.
Good talk, but I need
to get back to work now.
[shocked]
[gun shots]
[yells]
Do you remember the old days
when the most money
we could make in one haul
was 20,000 pilos?
Just barely.
[clicks]
[RYOTA]
200,000?
We could buy over 6,000
bean sprouts with that amount!
And with all that
we've saved up.
[BOTH]
We can finally buy a new house!
[sighs]
It feels surreal saying goodbye
to this old place, huh?
And there's an element
of sadness in it.
Little bit.
[RYOTA]
I mean, so many memories.
[EMILY]
Yeah.
I never realized how much
security it brings.
You know, just having a place.
Somewhere to go home to.
True. I get that.
[RYOTA]
200,000.
After killing slimes
for three days,
we finally saved enough
to pay rent on our new place.
I know it's no small amount.
But...
[EMILY]
Are you okay?
Emily.
What if we were to keep
our lease on this house too?
I mean, after we move
into our new place?
Then we can just come back home
anytime we feel like it.
Really? Could we do that?
Wouldn't it be expensive
to keep both of them though?
We've been working hard
for so long
to save money for more space.
But what we wanted
was more of our home.
More of what's precious.
If we lose that,
we'll have nothing.
I agree with you.
[hums]
[yawns]
Hello, I have risen.
Well good morning to you, Yoda!
Sleepy head.
Your breakfast is ready.
[laughs]
[RYOTA] You still make
the best breakfasts
in the whole wide world!
Trust me, no one's a bigger fan
of Emily's carrot dishes
than me!
Hang on, when did you get here?
Who let you in?
Where there are carrots,
there will be rabbits.
[chuckles]
I figured I'd made too much
food, so it's no problem at all!
Man. How did we get so lucky?
-[RYOTA] Whatever, let's eat!
-[EMILY] Whatever, let's eat!
♪